The Joe Rogan experience, those folks, those fine protests. There's.
A major American city. We're seven blocks that people have took over it.
And I had no idea what you were talking about. So that's great. Anything that I,
I don't watch.
It. I envy you at all. I envy that, that you just do that.
You just shut everything down. Me. I,
every day I check what part of the world's on fire. I.
Don't like hysteria. I don't like making decisions with hysteria.
And I like, I, I, when I first became a dad,
the hysteria of other parents, I would just, I would be looking at them,
but I wasn't listening because that's all,
that's what I was the tone of everything was saying, you know, that.
He gets in fleet now.
And you'd be like, and then anytime you say anything positive about your kid,
how would you kid? Seven weeks. Oh yeah. How is, ah, she's great. She's great.
Oh, wait till seven one and a half weeks. It's like.
It's like, dude, maybe you suck at it. Yeah. How about.
That? Yeah. You sit sitting there with your legs trembling, right?
All nervous and. Yeah.
I don't, I don't like, you know, I'm already in the head.
I'm already in the head. I don't need 24 hour news.
Never like who's that guy on Fox news. I always joke with Nick Tucker.
He's got great hair, but horrible points.
Like if his points were as good as his hair, which guy? I,
it looks like a Kennedy. I mean, he's just, he is the white guys, white guy.
He was talking about black people going.
And when they come for you and they will, they're gonna let you know.
It's just like, what are you Hannity? I don't know who he is. No,
it's not handy. Nanny was the guy who they put with that, that,
that like rooster at the end, a chicken, the end of his life looking.
Guys like, here's your liberal dude and all my.
Relatives who are conservative. Like, I mean, look at him.
So meek it's like this thing is cast like a show. Yeah.
Who is that? God that he was with Henny and Combs Combs.
And though the one guy looked like he was on death's door and he was the gray.
Yeah. He was great.
And the other guy looked like a football hero astronaut with a square.
Face. Nice hair glasses.
He looked like Mr. Burns, right? Yes.
And he had to do a spine. He had no, it wasn't strong argue or.
Oh, he was there. He was, he was the Washington generals.
The other guy was the glow. I'm trying to stay at that, that conservative point.
And then you put on CNN,
you got all those nitwits with the situation room and all of that. This, this,
this, this is why I wish that there was a comedy club.
Cause there's a bit that's already come and gone was what I loved was when,
uh, uh, Colin Kaepernick, when he was taking a knee. Right.
All the liberals were just like, well, Hey man, it's just like his opinion, man.
You know, this is a time to listen, man. And then everybody on the right side,
shut the up and play football. You piece of. Don't disrespect the flag. Right.
And then drew Brees, tweet something conservative. And then all of a sudden,
everybody in the right's like, Hey, this is just like his opinion, man.
And then everybody left, like you racist piece of. I'm going to cancel you.
They literally do this. Everybody believes in like freedom of speech,
as long as you're saying, what they want to hear is basically.
And that's why I hate both of those news channels.
I actually divisive.
It makes my blood boil.
When I walk into a house with people I know. And if they're watching CNN or Fox,
like I can't get past the like when people watch like the Kardashians,
it's like, why would you do that to your brain?
It is what it's like.
I mean, it's very toxic. It's very toxic, both sides.
And they, they, they never see any good points, but the other side is making.
Video on the internet starts after the thing happened.
And it's like, you're always like, it's like, you're getting eight episodes in.
And you're like, what the? It's like, you don't know. What's like,
if you watched the last scene of jaws, you're like,
why the did he kill that shark?
There's enough sharks dying out there.
You didn't see that this thing was specifically targeting human beings and he
needed to do this. Right. How does that relate to the news?
I'm saying when you watch the news people don't like they,
they not filming what leads up to whatever confrontation happens. Okay.
So you're getting a very skewed. You don't know what happens.
What they're saying happens could be what happened or a bunch of other.
I don't, I don't understand how I'm supposed to watch something.
You know like this, this obviously, obviously like that,
Minneapolis was the most obvious that guy's a murderer.
And those other three guys sat around and just watched him do it.
Well guys calling out, I can't breathe.
And all of this and calling up for his mother was sickening.
That guy's a monster, had the audacity of a shocked look on his face.
That guy's terrible. Right. But like,
what I'm saying is that thing had all of this.
He kind of got the whole thing. When they came up, you had the whole thing.
There's so many other, and I'm not just, I'm not talking about cop stuff.
I'm just talking about anything.
Taking a little piece of somebody's stand up routine,
or a politician says this or voted, he voted no on this.
And what it is is the that all, it's usually the that was attached to it,
which is something I don't understand with politics. Like,
why can't you just vote on what you're voting on? Like,
should we have clean water? Yes we should.
And then like the that's attached to it, but we still,
we can still dump toxic in here. And then when the guy goes to,
or the woman goes to run, it's like, oh, this,
this person voted against the clean water act.
This is your tree hugger.
I'm Joe blow. And I approve of this. Well, here's.
A, here's a good version of that. Remember the Covington school case,
that was a,
the kid had a Maga hat on and then native American was beating the drums.
And the kid was smiling, looking at them.
And they took it pretending that this kid walked up to this native American
beating the drums and was smiling in his face and mocking him.
What really happened is these kids were on a field trip for high school.
They're selling mega hats. The kids are 16. There'd be in.
They buy these hats and put on while they're just having fun.
But it's very little supervision while they're there.
These native Americans are beating their drums.
And this guy walks up to the kid and gets in the kid's face and is beating the
drum. Now CNN,
all these people went with his narrative of these kids were mocking him.
The kid just stood there smiling while this native American got in his face.
Did the kids starving.
That those, you know, there used to be rules on ownership of media? Yeah.
I think way back in the day was like a rule of sevens.
Like no one person could own seven. Okay. Any combination of radio TV.
Cause you can literally influence public opinion.
And that's why like I've watched. And I do 12 years ago,
I went down the federal reserve rabbit hole. I became a,
the guy you didn't want to talk to about the federal reserve,
all of that share the plan is federalism, federal express. I want that island.
Yeah. All of that. And like watching, I just,
I just feel like in the last,
I don't know how many years where it's just all of a sudden they stopped being
just sort of everything they were.
I think reporting was always perverted to some level. Um, and now it's just,
it's just, you're sort of watching like op-ed pieces.
So I know this is somebody who doesn't watch anything and reads like, you know,
autobiographies of football players in the 1950s. So, okay. There's Covington.
School kid case. They sued the kid sued and won. They, you know,
the CNN painted him out to be a monster. They were getting death threats.
And they did CNN, uh, issue a retraction. I don't.
Know what they did, but they paid him. I don't, I don't know what they are,
but I.
Don't, I don't like either one of those channels because of that. And it causes,
I think rational people like that guy,
the guy that the fat dude in the bicycle suit ripping those pieces of paper.
Are those girls hands? Oh yeah. Jesus, that guy that is the result.
I think of watching one of those channels, 24 7,
and then going on Facebook and writing and capitals.
Could you imagine if you were there watching that guy, rip pace, peaches,
pieces of paper out of a little girl's hand like that,
that he didn't even know yelling at her,
running up to her where the mother is yelling. You stop touching her,
get your hands off her.
Oh, that was the mom. I thought that was a friend, whoever.
That was, it sounded like a woman. So like a woman yelling.
He was doing everything but growing. Yeah. And then it,
because then it gets to the point of like,
what is in your head that you're trying to defend? Like, well,
that's a guy, but then everybody vilifies the guy,
which I would rather sit down and talk to that guy and be like,
let me ask you this. When you watch that, you know,
Floyd video, like what is it that you see?
Because just yelling at semi canceled them and making them lose his job.
You just get to make the guy even more angry.
And he probably has grandkids that he's going to fill their head before four.
He dies.
On what's the solution. So don't talk to him.
I think that should be part of it. Like buddy, let's just sit down for a second.
You were on a bicycle. You wanted to burn some calories.
You're obviously into it, by the way you're dressed. Okay.
You're enjoying America's great parks. Right?
You come across these kids, you know? Do you like kids?
Have you ever attacked a kid before?
It did just putting a piece of paper up with a point of view?
Like what ha what do you think led up to that level of a
response? Because I have to be honest, like we've all snapped and done.
I would like to think I have, and afterwards I'd be like, what the?
Why did I argue that? Why did I say that? Why did I do that?
And the only way to, uh,
kinda prevent from you being a again,
is you have to kind of walk back and look at it. Right? So going at the guy,
which I totally understand, because it was, it was so bad.
It was almost comical because he was borderline growling at them. And, uh.
No, it was really bad. He didn't even get the paper from the girl,
grabbed the girl, the girl clenched her fist down and held onto it paper.
My favorite part was the sound of his, the bottom of his shoes,
that clip into the pedals. You sound like a little show pony.
He was trying to grow like a tiger. And he sounded like my pretty pony,
like somebody should have been a Coleman, his hair. So,
and I was sitting there going look at this crazy old guy and uh.
Okay. But I don't know how, I didn't think how old I.
Thought he was. But then he was like 60. I was like,
this guy is like only eight years older than me.
So he graduated high school like eight years before me. So like,
this guy is almost part of my generation.
Like what experiences did he have that he looks
at this whole thing? Like, um,
you know, I mean, I'm not of that, that, that thing saying all cops are like,
those guys. It's like, no, it's like,
you have to get those guys off of the force. That's what I think.
So, um, I just don't understand, like,
and that was my understanding what they were putting up there was specific to
the Minneapolis case. So my thing is as a human being,
how could you have issue with somebody trying to put something
up, you know, honoring that guy or something positive about that? Like,
I that's what I was confused.
You put up, I'm not sure what you put up.
It was definitely about the George Floyd protest. You know,
maybe I couldn't see what.
Was written on the paper. And I just, I filled that in when I watched it,
but I really couldn't get over the side of the shoes though. Really funny.
I just started walking faster with the bike.
It was almost like a great movie trailer for a horror film.
Yeah. No, but could.
You have a 60 year old fat bike rider? No. That was your.
Daughter. Your daughter you're sitting there in,
that runs up to your daughter and he's grabbing the paper out of her hand.
He's running at her, grabbing the paper out of your why?
Why a woman's screaming at him to not touch her? Don't you touch her?
Yeah. I mean imagine. Yeah. I mean, it's the only one response as a father.
Yeah. Murder. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like murder.
No. What do you like Mame?
I want him to remember that he did it. That's interesting.
That's interesting. That's another level blown out ACL. And you go from there,
beat him with his stupid shoe. Why do people wear? I actually,
I actually had to look up why people wear those shoes clip in. I know they do,
but I'm like, what is the advantage of that? Is there an advantage? I think,
I think it's when, when you're coming up this way. Oh, you can,
you can still pull with your legs. So you're getting more of an efficient, oh,
that makes a motion. This guy is really, really into, uh, hiking,
biking and not putting paper on trees.
Don't put their dead relatives in their faces.
Just a man that would run up to a little girl like that and grab her grab paper
out of her hand.
There he is. Click, click, click, click that's before.
But that's before he grabs her Jamie. Yeah, back it up from the beginning.
Cause this.
Worries you with your martial art background,
you got to be impressed with the way he's using his bike there. No,
he's sort of like trying to be a little herd, shy.
Maryland. Takata. What is the St re one C right there. That's where
a bison was caught on video, early attacking teenagers who were posting flyers.
Is that a teenager? It's a little girl. Is that really a teenager?
She might be 13. He just runs up to her is yelling at her.
Lucky's towering. Oh my God. Look at her though. Good for her. She F.
Yeah. Yeah. See that's I think, I don't know if that's a woman or her friend,
but that girl's got balls or ovaries. I like to them a little skip.
Step two. Well, he's running it,
the guy with the camera and knocks him over the man achieved this goal.
Okay. As much as you don't approve of what he was doing achieved his goal. No,
she's still got the paper now. I'm just, I'm choking.
He grabbed her arm. Whatever happened to that guy.
You got charged three charges.
I don't know. But yeah, they promote my movie right there. Hang.
On. Staten island. What are the ads on demand everywhere Friday.
Yeah. I would be in the news.
Big, old orange jumpsuit on if that was happening to my daughter.
Oh my God. Be a real problem. If I caught someone doing that.
Like a Badger on that you,
your biggest problem would be, what do I use?
I always think for half a second, like you would be, you don't say elbow.
What do I do? Choke him? What do I throw that spinning? He'll kick.
I saw you doing it. If you ever hit me with that,
I have to learn how to talk again. Yeah, Joe, it didn't happen.
It didn't happen to your daughter. Right? You just went to a dark place. There.
I go there all the time. That's a real problem with me now. I do too.
I go there all the time.
I do think getting up, talking about at least protests.
I think something really positive is going to come out of this because the fact
that so many white people are also pro in getting involved in it.
And so many cops were vocal saying that, you know, they shouldn't do that.
So I think something good is going to come out of this. I just don't agree more.
I really do. I do. And I hope so too. Cause it's,
it's been wrongful way too long. And I also hope that, uh,
that a bunch of other groups don't use this as a piggyback thing to then do some
other, which will then escalate. Well,
make people who want things to stay the same,
they'll be able to shift focus of like, you know,
like how they try to make like the protestors and the writer,
like the polluters, the same people. Right. Where it's just, yeah. There's only,
yeah, you did that. And then at night you did this. No. Yeah. The way that,
so I don't know you're going to do it.
Anyways. I think there's the, once the looting died down,
you see in peaceful protests that are very encouraging. I think it's great.
I really do. I mean that downtown LA one was amazing.
50,000 people filled the streets and no crime or very little
nothing I heard of.
It was just mostly people chanting and holding signs and they look promising.
Look, they kind of, the,
the thing that disturbs me is this idea that they should defund the police.
You can't get rid of the police.
What you need to do is spend more money and train them better and high,
have higher standards and do it the way you do the military where it's very
difficult to get in. And you weed people out that are weak. Like that guy was a.
That guy leaning on that guy's neck like that, that guy's a monster.
There's no way that guy should.
Run. It was being filmed too. And he just had no. Yeah. I mean,
that's like hands in his pockets. Like he was just, you know,
waiting for an Uber or something like that makes you think.
Yeah, he's a monster. Yeah. And that guy had been doing that forever. You know,
there there's new evidence that they work together and they fought, they,
they argued about the way that cop was treating the customers.
They work together at security at the same club.
And that cop was a to people at the club and they argued about it.
So they had a personal issue and there's some people that want it to be elevated
to first degree murder because of that, that he did it on purpose that he knew.
He knew that guy. Oh man. I mean, it's just, yeah.
They argued that when they worked together,
apparently one of the guys that worked with them said that George Floyd was
always telling that guy he's a. The way he treats customers.
Cause he would mace people and, that kind of stuff, pepper spray folks.
He just was the first guy to use violence right away. Yes. Escalate this.
He had a history of complaints back to 2006. My friend Joe Schilling,
the Kickbox I'm talking about him again,
but his page is the most disturbing page right now because all he's done over
the last five, six days is post videos of police brutality.
And it's police brutality on black women,
white women, white, old men, black, old men, young guys,
oh, it's this just police brutality over and over and over and over again.
There's a problem of racism in this country. For sure.
There's also a real problem with people that have the kind of power that cops
have that are weak people that are, that are sociopaths.
And that's that's as much of a problem as any of this.
Yet you tack the racism onto it and you've got a horrible situation,
but those people are psychopaths. They're they're monsters.
That guy did that go.
Like I'm going to talk to a security guy. And he said,
the best guys are the guys that, that they deescalate it. Yeah. He goes,
you don't. Cause he, this guy used to put together crews of guys to, uh,
I think it was for like rock concerts and stuff. And he said,
you didn't want to get guys that wanted to fight.
You didn't want to have those guys because those guys would be a headache.
And every night there was going to be something and there was going to be
lawsuits. Like what, what you,
what he was saying you ultimately wanted was nothing to happen. Yeah.